Enable CPU hot-(un)plugging for VMs (#11075)
lxc/lxd: doc/api-extensions.md

This change adds support for storing the creation date and time of storage volumes and their snapshots.

This adds the `CreatedAt` field to the `StorageVolume` and `StorageVolumeSnapshot` API types.

## `cpu_hotplug`

This adds CPU hotplugging for VMs.

> Hotplugging is disabled when using CPU pinning as this would require also hotplugging NUMA devices which is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hotplugging is disabled when using CPU pinning, because this would require hotplugging NUMA devices as well, which is not possible.
```
